"The best way to predict the future is to invent it." - Alan Kay
"Simple things should be simple, complex things should be possible." - Alan Kay
"Perfection is achieved not when there is nothing more to add, but when there is nothing left to take away." - Antoine de Saint-Exupery
"Make it work, make it right, make it fast." - Kent Beck
"The most powerful tool we have as developers is automation." - Scott Hanselman
"Code is like humor. When you have to explain it, it's bad." - Cory House
"Any fool can write code that a computer can understand. Good programmers write code that humans can understand." - Martin Fowler
"Programs must be written for people to read, and only incidentally for machines to execute." - Harold Abelson
"Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication." - Leonardo da Vinci
"A primary cause of complexity is that software vendors uncritically adopt almost any feature that users want." - Niklaus Wirth
"The most important property of a program is whether it accomplishes the intention of its user." - C.A.R. Hoare
"The art of programming is the skill of controlling complexity." - Marijn Haverbeke
"First, solve the problem. Then, write the code." - John Johnson
"The function of good software is to make the complex appear to be simple." - Grady Booch
"The quieter you become, the more you can hear." - Ram Dass
"The more you know, the more you realize you know nothing." - Socrates
"Your time is limited, don't waste it living someone else's life." - Steve Jobs
"The terminal is where elegance meets power." - Anonymous
"The best error message is the one that never shows up." - Thomas Fuchs
"Good design is obvious. Great design is transparent." - Joe Sparano
Code is poetry written in logic.
The best error message is the one that never shows up.
Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication.
First, solve the problem. Then, write the code.
Clean code always looks like it was written by someone who cares.
The most important property of a program is whether it accomplishes the intention of its user.
Programming is not about typing, it's about thinking.
Any fool can write code that a computer can understand. Good programmers write code that humans can understand.
The best way to get a project done faster is to start sooner.
Code never lies, comments sometimes do.
Programming is the art of telling another human what one wants the computer to do.
If debugging is the process of removing bugs, then programming must be the process of putting them in.
The most effective debugging tool is still careful thought, coupled with judiciously placed print statements.
Good code is its own best documentation.
Programs must be written for people to read, and only incidentally for machines to execute.
The cheapest, fastest, and most reliable components are those that aren't there.
Deleted code is debugged code.
There are only two hard things in Computer Science: cache invalidation and naming things.
The function of good software is to make the complex appear to be simple.
Walking on water and developing software from a specification are easy if both are frozen.